# Meeting notes

Initial talk about remembering the topics from last meeting.

Micah brought up some discussion on question 4 I've sent by email.

- David Smith work on civil discussion in schools
- Civic friendship (Aristotle)

- Sam: people disagree in the premises to come together and discuss.
  - Kevin: if people disagree with the premises, they are not our audience.
  
Discussion on how to present the project in such a way that it doesn't provide a biased perspective or benefits one group over the other.

We acknowledge the challenge on both sides of political differences.

A "remedy" project. (Herm)
We live in a society where dehumanizing is becoming the norm. How can we contribute to remedy the situation?

Is this project aiming to give voice to the middle ground?

- Colossan Forum
- Bravor Angels
- Forgiveness Project
- African Initiatives (check the name with Tracy)

Kevin: we need to focus on what will be the heart of the project: neighborliness, hospitality.

Civic hospitality.

What is the problem:

the risks of dialogue are greater than the rewards for most people in our society.

polarization and fragmentation: dehumanization, alienation, vilifying.

we politicize our differences instead of finding common ground.

can't disagree civilly.

"modest" and "humility" as guiding principles for engagement.

the parable of the kingdom.

our sinful nature enjoys division and conflict.

Audience?

Church

Students (Calvin or Academics?)

PRRI

Tracy: Why now? How does it manifest itself? How to bridge the divide?

Be on stewardship

Sam: Change and steadfastness. The tension among conservatives. Valuing steadfastness as a virtue. (championing change is no-go)

Micah: modeling difference approaches to specific discussion topics.

David: moderation? epistemic humility.

Developing virtues? Cardinal virtues can be seen in both spectrums.

Center for Care and Leadership.

Movie response: SAM
Migration conversatioon with guest speakers: DAVID K.
Reading Group: ERIC
Planning converesation: DAVID W.

